Get public keys of Datenannahmestellen (#32)
coop-care/paid: README.md

- Public keys of institutions to encrypt to
- Hilfsmittelverzeichnis (catalogue of invoicable therapeutic appliances)

The data could potentially change daily but should at least be fetched once a quarter of a year.

```typescript
import fetchPublicKeyInfos from "pki/fetcher"
import fetchInstitutions from "kostentraeger/fetcher"

const publicKeyInfos = await fetchPublicKeyInfos()
const institutionsParseResult = await fetchInstitutions()
const institutionsList = institutionsParseResult.map(it => it.institutionsList)
```

### 2. Stringify, Revive data

TODO: maybe this could all be under the hood: 
1. Just one fetchData() which fetches everything in a "giant" JSON
2. the main class of the library could accept that data optionally, if it is not supplied, it will
   fallback to the data shipped in the dist so a "zero conf" is possible

This data should be persisted in a file or `localStorage` because the download is quite large and
the parsing a bit laborious because there are many validity checks. The data can be stringified
to JSON and revived like this:

```typescript

> import { institutionListReplacer, institutionListReviver } from "kostentraeger/types"
> import { ikPublicKeyInfoReplacer, ikPublicKeyInfoReviver } from "pki/types"
> 
> // stringify the data (for persisting it somewhere)
> const pkInfosString = JSON.stringify(publicKeyInfos, ikPublicKeyInfoReplacer)
> const institutionsListString = JSON.stringify(institutionsList, institutionListReplacer)
> 
> // revive the data
> const publicKeyInfos2 = JSON.parse(pkInfosString, ikPublicKeyInfoReviver)
> const institutionsList2 = JSON.parse(institutionsListString, institutionListReviver)

Reviewer: What do think about hiding the replacer / reviver implementation detail? It's a minor change, maybe like this:

```suggestion
import { serializeInstitutionsList, deserializeInstitutionsList } from "kostentraeger/types"
import { serializePublicKeyInfos, deserializePublicKeyInfos } from "pki/types"

// stringify the data (for persisting it somewhere)
const pkInfosString = serializePublicKeyInfos(publicKeyInfos)
const institutionsListString = serializeInstitutionsList(institutionsList)

// revive the data
const publicKeyInfos2 = deserializePublicKeyInfos(pkInfosString)
const institutionsList2 = deserializeInstitutionsList(institutionsListString)
```

Author: Both this data is basically only used in conjunction with each other. So to make the interface more slick here, it should be merged into one data structure anyway, i.e. 

`const institutionData = deserializeInstitutionData(string)`

Regarding the replacer/reviver, I don't mind either way. I just find it a bit weird that the data class would then dictate into which format it is serialized.

Reviewer: Good, if the interface could be even simpler, I am in!

Author: I'd defer that to a separate PR though
